feat(content): Early south missions (#9097)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/human/human missions.txt

			`Among the bustle of the spaceport, one figure catches your attention. There's a woman standing alone on one side of the passageway with a bubble of space around her that she seems to be maintaining by sheer force of personality. She doesn't seem to be saying anything, at least. As you get closer to her, you notice a large package at her feet. She also notices you, and apparently something about you catches her attention, because she looks you straight in the eye and beckons.`
			choice
				`	(Go over to her, find out what this is about.)`
					goto interested
				`	(Ignore her, you don't have time for this.)`
			`	This seems too suspicious to you, and you don't have time to be getting involved in whatever is going on here. You turn away and keep walking.`
				decline
			label interested
			`	You make your way through the crowd to the edge of her personal space bubble. As soon as you do, she extends her hand. "I'm Torrey. Torrey Dupont."`
			`	You take the hand and shake it, somewhat bemused. "<first> <last>. I'm a -"`
			`	"An independent captain, yes. I could tell. I would like to hire you to transport a package." Torrey indicates the box beside her with a nudge of her toe.`

> 			`	You raise an eyebrow. "Wouldn't it be easier and cheaper to send it via the commercial courier services?"`

Author: Hm. I couldn't remember offhand just how much the vanilla missions have the player's actions described in absence of a `choice` node; I thought there was more.

I can rework this around asking what's in the box.

> 			`	You raise an eyebrow. "Wouldn't it be easier and cheaper to send it via the commercial courier services?"`

Author: Simple rework committed. Let me know what you think.

			`	She falls silent, waiting impassively for your response.`
			choice
				`	"All right; I'll deliver the package."`
					goto deliver
				`	"No; I don't support those protests, or the people who participate in them."`
				`	"No, if you're being watched, then this might get me in trouble too. Sorry."`
			`	Torrey grimaces, but nods. "That's understandable. Well, have a good day, then." She turns back to looking out at the passing crowds, and you head back on your way.`
				decline
			label deliver
			`	Torrey breaks out into a brilliant grin. "Well, that's great news, then. You'll find Irene at the militia base on <destination> - that's Gunnery Sergeant Irene Brower. I do appreciate this. You'll be paid upon receipt of the package, too, lest you think my appreciation is all I can give."`
			`	She picks up the package and hands it to you - it's surprisingly heavy, but doesn't seem to shift or rattle at all as you settle it in your arms to carry to your ship.`
				accept
	on complete
		payment 15000 1500
		conversation

> 			`You arrive at the militia base on <destination>, and ask at the gate for GySgt Irene Brower. After a few minutes, a compact young woman with close-cropped blonde hair appears and walks over. When she sees the package at your feet, her face splits into a lopsided grin and her steps quicken. "I see you've brought me a package; this must be from Torrey!"`

Reviewer: Every military has their own Abbreviation for ranks. An example is for me, my rank is 3SG, and most people wouldn't know what that is. Worst still, is that on my end, MSG is used for the Master Sergeant rank, as compared to the MSGT rank used later in.
I'd advice using full rank names instead, to avoid confusion.

> 			`You arrive at the militia base on <destination>, and ask at the gate for GySgt Irene Brower. After a few minutes, a compact young woman with close-cropped blonde hair appears and walks over. When she sees the package at your feet, her face splits into a lopsided grin and her steps quicken. "I see you've brought me a package; this must be from Torrey!"`

Author: To be perfectly honest, I don't remember why I typed that as the abbreviation; it definitely makes more sense to have it written out there.

And, as I noted on Discord, I have no specific attachment to the particular ranks used here for Irene. I just wanted to give a general idea of her position—some form of senior NCO—and the fact that she gets a promotion after the Battle of Greenrock, whether she survives it or not.

> 			`	You nod, introduce yourself, and briefly recount your meeting with her friend on <origin>. Irene laughs. "Yep, that's her. Well, thank you so much for bringing this." She hefts the heavy box with no apparent effort, gives you a firm nod, and turns to head back into the base.`

Author: The introduction itself is something that is done without an explicit player interaction to do so a few times in the vanilla missions; however, I can see the extra explanation being a bit more than that.

I guess my question here would be: How short of a text is too short to have regularly between `choice` nodes? It feels (subjectively, without actually looking at how it is in-game) like putting a choice here would seem kind of abrupt...but that may well be just my inexperience with making content, and I'd appreciate a broader perspective on that.

> 			`	You nod, introduce yourself, and briefly recount your meeting with her friend on <origin>. Irene laughs. "Yep, that's her. Well, thank you so much for bringing this." She hefts the heavy box with no apparent effort, gives you a firm nod, and turns to head back into the base.`

Author: OK; I've added a simple single choice to this. Let me know if it seems reasonable here.

> 			`	You nod, introduce yourself, and briefly recount your meeting with her friend on <origin>. Irene laughs. "Yep, that's her. Well, thank you so much for bringing this." She hefts the heavy box with no apparent effort, gives you a firm nod, and turns to head back into the base.`

Reviewer 2: Err, I'd still think about changing it. But that's just me.

I would always go for the player having a choice to speak directly (`"Hey, I'm <first> <last>."`) over a choice that says they spoke but the player doesn't know what until the next line (`(Introduce yourself.)`). However, Irene's dialogue makes it hard to make a choice node here because the response would depend by player, so at the moment the only logical way to capture players' various greetings is to have a choice representing ambiguous greetings and then not even show what they say, which is what we have now. I would change this conversation for that choice to flow better, but that could be a big change.

Above all I'd wait for other peoples' opinions since it's not really a hard-and-fast rule that the text in a choice node should be what Captain Last really says – there's plenty of times where the player can choose an action that says they say something, only for what they've said to be explained in the next line. To me, there's a lot of times when those choices are very weird – I'd like to know what I said first before choosing the option to say it.

> 			`	You nod, introduce yourself, and briefly recount your meeting with her friend on <origin>. Irene laughs. "Yep, that's her. Well, thank you so much for bringing this." She hefts the heavy box with no apparent effort, gives you a firm nod, and turns to head back into the base.`

Author: Hm. OK; I will, indeed, wait for further opinions. I don't have a very strong opinion myself on how such things should flow, and I don't think it should be hard to rewrite this passage to accommodate whatever is needed, so I'm happy to defer to whatever the reviewer consensus is, once there's enough reviewers to generate one.

> 			`	You nod, introduce yourself, and briefly recount your meeting with her friend on <origin>. Irene laughs. "Yep, that's her. Well, thank you so much for bringing this." She hefts the heavy box with no apparent effort, gives you a firm nod, and turns to head back into the base.`

Author: OK. I'll change it back, then.

			`	Before going more than three steps, she stops and turns back to you. "Oh, sorry - I'll authorize your payment as soon as I get back to my room. I don't have it with me."`
			`	Sure enough, less than five minutes after she disappears into a building in the distance, your communicator bleeps and reports that <payment> has been credited to your account.`
			action
				set "delivered torrey's package to irene"

mission "Take Me To The South A: Followup A"
	landing
	invisible
	source "Greenrock"
	to offer
		has "FW Pirates: Attack 2: done"
		has "delivered torrey's package to irene"
	on offer
		conversation
			`As Tomek heads toward Alondo's ship, you notice some other ships landing nearby - several of which look in much worse shape. Between them is a bustle of activity that looks like a kind of controlled panic, setting up a large tent and bringing various supplies and tables into it. After a few minutes, it becomes clear that they are setting up a makeshift triage center to get the worst wounded to the ships with the best medical facilities as quickly as possible.`

> 			`	Almost against your will, you find your steps drawn in that direction. Staying carefully out of the way of the hurrying corpsmen and nurses, you watch as the triage tent begins to fill up with the walking wounded, the not-so-walking wounded...and a few gurneys that someone pulls a sheet over not long after they arrive. Before long, you spot someone you think you recognize: Irene Brower, the gunnery sergeant you delivered a care package to before the war.`

Reviewer 2: 'Corpsman' is not in the Oxford Dictionary, but it is an American word. Huh.
```suggestion
			`	Without thinking, you find your steps drawn in that direction. Staying carefully out of the way of the hurrying corpsmen and nurses, you watch as the triage tent begins to fill up with the walking wounded, the not-so-walking wounded...and a few gurneys that someone pulls a sheet over not long after they arrive. Before long, you spot someone you think you recognize: Irene Brower, the gunnery sergeant you delivered a care package to before the war.`
```

> 			`	Almost against your will, you find your steps drawn in that direction. Staying carefully out of the way of the hurrying corpsmen and nurses, you watch as the triage tent begins to fill up with the walking wounded, the not-so-walking wounded...and a few gurneys that someone pulls a sheet over not long after they arrive. Before long, you spot someone you think you recognize: Irene Brower, the gunnery sergeant you delivered a care package to before the war.`

Reviewer: Medics or Combat Medics would probably be a better term.

			`	She is lying on a stretcher placed on what appears to be a folding cafeteria table, with an IV in one arm and a makeshift bandage over the other shoulder, already soaked through with blood. The lower half of her body is covered by a bloody sheet...and by the shape the sheet makes, you can tell immediately that there's something very wrong. Her eyelids flicker for a moment, then she opens her eyes and focuses on you. "Hey...I know you. You brought me that package from Tor...thanks. Meant a lot." She attempts to raise her head, then thinks better of it, though her eyes still flick downward. "Might be...the last of home I get to see." Her eyes close again, and a pair of nurses comes over and shoos you out of the way so they can start moving Irene. As they carry her off, careful to keep her IV bag held high, you hear her start coughing, and they head to what appears to be the largest of the ships nearby.`
				decline

mission "Take Me To The South A: Followup A1"
	landing
	invisible
	to offer
		has "Take Me To The South A: Followup A: declined"
		has "FW Pirates: Attack 3: done"
	on offer
		conversation

> 			`Now that you have a minute to breathe, you turn to your computer and pull up the casualty lists from the Battle of Greenrock. You only have to scroll through it for a few seconds before you see what you are looking for and dreading:`

Reviewer 2: I really like the fact that the player gets to know people who fought and died for the FW's effort. It reminds me of the Beelzebub missions.

			`	`
			`		MSGT BROWER, TORREY`
			`			KILLED IN ACTION`
			`			POSTHUMOUS MEDAL OF VALOR`
			``
			`	You kill the display and turn away.`
				decline
				
mission "Take Me To The South A: Followup B"
	landing
	invisible
	source "Deep"
	to offer
		has "delivered torrey's package to irene"
		has "FW Pirates: Diplomacy 4: done"
	on offer
		conversation
			`As you leave the quartermaster's building, you spot a familiar face coming in the other direction: Irene Brower, the gunnery sergeant you delivered a care package to before the war, though she seems to have master sergeant insignia now. She's on crutches, with what looks like a brand-new prosthetic leg. She spots you at about the same time, and her face, though lined with pain, brightens. She limps over. "Hey, I know you! You brought me that package from Tor, before - thanks!" She shifts her weight, and something evidently twinges, for she winces and shifts it back.`

> 			`	You open your mouth, then shut it again, feeling a little awkward and unsure what to say about Irene's condition. She immediately notices your embarrassment, and grins lopsidedly. "Yeah, I was a casualty of the Battle of Greenrock. My CO thought it was a good idea to follow Councilor Voigt's plan to suppress the pirates there - to be honest, I agreed with him at the time." She pauses a moment. "Now, not so sure, and not just because a blown-out shield capcitor lost me a leg. I heard what happened on Thule, both the good and the bad of it. I'm not sure I can really say I think force was the best answer now."`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	You open your mouth, then shut it again, feeling a little awkward and unsure what to say about Irene's condition. She immediately notices your embarrassment, and grins lopsidedly. "Yeah, I was a casualty of the Battle of Greenrock. My CO thought it was a good idea to follow Councilor Voigt's plan to suppress the pirates there - to be honest, I agreed with him at the time." She pauses a moment. "Now, not so sure, and not just because a blown-out shield capacitor lost me a leg. I heard what happened on Thule, both the good and the bad of it. I'm not sure I can really say I think force was the best answer now."`
```

> 			`	"So...that prosthetic is very new, then?" you say tentatively.`

Reviewer 2: The same about choices and the player speaking, but I guess this one could stay as it is.

				
			`	The official mansion is much more impressive than Carl's house as Agricultural Minister was, and Tom gives you a tour while Carl has to field some official phone calls. Partway through the tour, Tom gets a mischievous grin, and when he opens the next door, a very small child races out and cannons into his legs, gripping them tightly with a glad cry of "Daddy!" Tom proudly introduces Nita, his and Carl's three-year-old daughter, who giggles and tries to run off with your communicator.`
			`	You're already looking forward to the food well before you sit down to dinner, and you are not disappointed: if anything, it's better than the last time you visited them. Carl confides that it used to be even better, but a year ago his best cook left to become a star teacher at the new culinary institute whose funding he championed.`
			`	After dinner, as before, you catch each other up on what you've been doing since your last visit. Tom and Carl's side of this, in between bouts of corralling their exuberant daughter, is mostly about the joys and fears of fatherhood, and their hopes for their, and Nita's, future.`
			
			label already2

> 			`	Even having seen it once before, you're still impressed with the governor's mansion. This time, though Carl still has to take an official call, Tom gets a mischievous grin, and takes you upstairs to one particular room that you recall on the previous tour was a guest bedroom. When he opens the door, though, you have just time to see that it's been expertly redecorated as a nursery, before a very small child races out and cannons into his legs, gripping them tightly with a glad cry of "Daddy!" Tom proudly introduces Nita, his and Carl's three-year-old daughter, who giggles and tries to run off with your communicator.`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`	Even having seen it once before, you're still impressed with the governor's mansion. This time, though Carl still has to take an official call, Tom gets a mischievous grin and takes you upstairs to one particular room that you recall on the previous tour was a guest bedroom. When he opens the door, though, you have just time to see that it's been expertly redecorated as a nursery, before a very small child races out and cannons into his legs, gripping them tightly with a glad cry of "Daddy!" Tom proudly introduces Nita, his and Carl's three-year-old daughter, who giggles and tries to run off with your communicator.`
```

				clear "Blind Man from Martini: label looking"
			`	With that, he grabs his cane and his luggage, and follows a hospital attendant toward his daughter's room, leaving you in the reception.`

mission "Take Me To the South A"
	minor
	name "Care Package for a Southern Friend"
	source
		government "Republic" "Syndicate"
		not attributes "rim" "south"
	destination
		attributes "rim" "south"
		not government "Pirate"
		not system "Alniyat" "Atria" "Lesath" "Han"

> 		not planet "Glaze"

Reviewer 4: The reason those systems are excluded is because they're waypoint systems for the mission.

> 		not planet "Glaze"

Author: Sure—but if this mission ends on one of those systems, and they check the spaceport there, they won't have a chance to pick up Pact Recon 0.

			`	She is lying on a stretcher placed on what appears to be a folding cafeteria table, with an IV in one arm and a makeshift bandage over the other shoulder, already soaked through with blood. The lower half of her body is covered by a bloody sheet... and by the shape the sheet makes, you can tell immediately that there's something very wrong. Her eyelids flicker for a moment, then she opens her eyes and focuses on you. "Hey... I know you. You brought me that package from Tor... thanks. Meant a lot." She attempts to raise her head, then thinks better of it, though her eyes still flick downward. "Might be... the last of home I get to see." Her eyes close again, and a pair of nurses comes over and shoos you out of the way so they can start moving Irene. As they carry her off, careful to keep her IV bag held high, you hear her start coughing, and they head to what appears to be the largest of the ships nearby.`
				decline

> mission "Take Me To The South A: Followup A1"

Reviewer 4: This mission comes at an awkward time in the campaign; another brutal battle is looming over the horizon, but you're interrupted by something from the last fight. At the very least, this should be pushed back to the start of the first FW break.

Author: So when exactly would that be? Is it all the way after (in this case) First Last gets stripped of service, at the end of the first chapter?

	landing
	invisible
	to offer
		has "Take Me To The South A: Followup A: declined"
		has "FW Pirates: Attack 3: done"
	on offer
		conversation

> 			`Now that you have a minute to breathe, you turn to your computer and pull up the casualty lists from the Battle of Greenrock. You only have to scroll through it for a few seconds before you see what you are looking for and dreading:`

Reviewer 4: Forcing the player character to take specific actions beyond the player's control is a contrived way of delivering information. You could instead have the player receive a message with the casualty list, or see the list posted in a spaceport, and give them the option of reading through it or not.

			`	`
			`		MSGT BROWER, TORREY`
			`			KILLED IN ACTION`
			`			POSTHUMOUS MEDAL OF VALOR`
			``
			`	You kill the display and turn away.`
				decline
				

> mission "Take Me To The South A: Followup B"

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
mission "Care Package to South 2b"
```

	landing
	invisible
	source "Deep"
	to offer

> 		has "delivered torrey's package to irene"

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
		has "Care Package to South 1: done"
```

		has "FW Pirates: Diplomacy 4: done"
	on offer
		conversation

> 			`As you leave the quartermaster's building, you spot a familiar face coming in the other direction: Irene Brower, the gunnery sergeant you delivered a care package to before the war, though she seems to have master sergeant insignia now. She's on crutches, with what looks like a brand-new prosthetic leg. She spots you at about the same time, and her face, though lined with pain, brightens. She limps over. "Hey, I know you! You brought me that package from Tor, before - thanks!" She shifts her weight, and something evidently twinges, for she winces and shifts it back.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`As you leave the quartermaster's building, you spot a familiar face coming in the other direction: Irene Brower, the gunnery sergeant you delivered a care package to before the war, though she seems to have master sergeant insignia now. She's on crutches, with what looks like a brand-new prosthetic leg. When she spots you, her pained face brightens. "Hey, I know you! You brought me that package from Tor before. Thanks!" She shifts her weight, then winces and shifts it back.`
```

> 			`	You open your mouth, then shut it again, feeling a little awkward and unsure what to say about Irene's condition. She immediately notices your embarrassment, and grins lopsidedly. "Yeah, I was a casualty of the Battle of Greenrock. My CO thought it was a good idea to follow Councilor Voigt's plan to suppress the pirates there - to be honest, I agreed with him at the time." She pauses a moment. "Now, not so sure, and not just because a blown-out shield capacitor lost me a leg. I heard what happened on Thule, both the good and the bad of it. I'm not sure I can really say I think force was the best answer now."`

Reviewer 4: This is assuming the player will feel embarrassed with the situation. Also, members of the Council aren't called Councilors. (Katya's title comes from her time in Parliament instead.)
```suggestion
			`	She notices you looking at her leg, and grins lopsidedly. "Yeah, I was a casualty of the Battle of Greenrock. My CO thought it was a good idea to follow Voigt's plan to suppress the pirates there. To be honest, I agreed with him at the time." She pauses a moment. "Now, not so sure, and not just because a blown-out shield capacitor lost me a leg. I heard what happened on Thule, both the good and the bad of it. I'm not sure force was the best answer now."`
```

Author: Huh. That's a little odd that the "Councilor" title doesn't have anything to do with being on the Council. I'll keep it in mind, though!

> 			`	"So... that prosthetic is very new, then?" you say tentatively.`

Reviewer 4: This would be better as a set of choices, so the player can react with empathy/sensitivity/black humour.

			`	She nods. "Yep, just came from getting it fitted, and gotta check in at the quartermaster's to get myself a float chair for the first six weeks of adjustment to it. Six months of medical leave, then I'll be back in action. And hopefully assigned to ships a little less eager to jump into the thick of it when it's not really necessary, eh?"`
			`	You join in her wry chuckle, then she gives you a wave with one crutch and bids you farewell.`

mission "Take Me To The South B"
	minor
	name "Moving House"
	source
		government "Republic" "Syndicate"
		not attributes "rim" "south"
	destination "Lichen"

> 	stopover

Reviewer 4: This is simpler.
```suggestion
	stopover
		distance 3 7
```

> 	stopover

Author: Ah, good call.

			`	"You, you're a captain. Will you give me a ride? I need to get back to <stopovers>, pack up my things, and travel to <destination>."`
			choice
				`	"Sure, as long as you can pay."`
					goto sure
				`	"No, I've got better things to do."`
			`	Just like with the others, as soon as you decline, they move on to someone else.`
				decline
				
			label sure
			`	They stop in surprise, then nod briefly.`
			`	"Meet me at the <ship> in an hour, and I'll have a berth ready for you," you say.`
			``
			`	An hour later, you see a figure approach the <ship> carrying a small suitcase, and it takes you a moment to realize it's the one you offered a berth to. When you met them, they were dressed in a sharp suit with slicked-back hair; the person who approaches you now is wearing a button-down shirt and skirt with their hair loose, hanging down to their shoulders. They walk right up to you and stick out a hand. "Kris Brecht."`
			`	You shake their hand. "<first> <last>. That's all you've got with you?"`
			`	Kris nods. "All the rest of my stuff is on <planet stopovers>."`

> 			`	You hesitate, then ask, "Why do you need me to do this? Wouldn't contracting with one of the regular moving services be more, well...usual?"`

Reviewer 4: I wouldn't imagine that such a company would have an overwhelming share of that market over independent merchants to make such a question necessary, given that the job board still exists.

			`	Still, you are somewhat relieved that when you arrive, both of you are too out of breath from moving their furniture to talk more.`
			`	You soon have it loaded up, though, and start the trip south to <destination>.`
	on complete
		payment 5000 500
		conversation
			`At last you reach <destination>, and Kris enthusiastically unloads their possessions into a waiting transport van. Before they disappear, they press a credit chip for <payment> into your hands and assure you that you are a valuable ally to the "anti-statist movement"".`
			action
				set "helped kris move house"

mission "Take Me To The South B: Followup Timer"
	minor
	invisible
	landing
	source
		near "Kornephoros" 1 100
	to offer
		has "helped kris move house"
		has "event: war begins"
	to complete
		never
	on offer
		event "kris gets frustrated" 120 365
		fail
		
event "kris gets frustrated"

mission "Take Me To The South B: Followup 1"
	minor
	landing
	name "Moving House, Again"
	source

> 		near "Kornephoros" 1 100

Author: It was just a nice central location to the South; I don't think I had any specific reason for it.

			`	Sure enough, it's from Kris. "You have to come and get me. I can't stand living here any longer!" It includes directions to a home somewhere on <destination> where you last saw Kris, but nothing more.`
				accept
	on complete
		conversation
			`You arrive on <destination>, rent a local transport, and make your way to the location specified. There's a van parked outside. When you knock on the door, Kris bursts out almost instantly. This time, they've got on a ruffly skirt, a button-down shirt, and suspenders, and their hair is in a tight bun. "Finally!" they say. "Everything's packed already; we just need to load it in and get to the spaceport."`
			`	It takes much less time to load everything this time than the last time you helped Kris move, and soon they hop in the driver's seat of the van, calling to you, "I'll meet you at the spaceport in an hour or two!"`

mission "Take Me To The South B: Followup 2"
	name "Moving House, Again"
	source "Lichen"
	destination "Thule"
	cargo "personal belongings" 4
	passengers 1
	to offer
		has "Take Me To The South B: Followup 1: done"
	on offer
		conversation

> 			`Kris' possessions fit more easily into your hold this time - it seems like they really do have less than before. Once they're loaded in and Kris climbs aboard, hoping to head off (or at least delay) their interminable tirades on the power of the state by getting some frustrations about <origin>'s ever-damp weather instead, you ask, "So what is it about <origin> that you can't stand?"`

Author: I'll see what I can come up with here.

			`	Kris continues in this vein for approximately an hour, apparently without taking a single breath, but you tune them out while starting your pre-takeoff checks. You've known several anarchists by this time, and Kris remains the most vocal of them, with the least coherent ideology. Fortunately, they do at least mention your destination is <destination> during their rant.`
				accept
	on complete
		payment 5000 500
		conversation
			`You arrive at Thule, and Kris once more eagerly unloads their belongings into a local transport. As with the previous journey, they were a strange combination of genuinely polite and helpful and deeply aggravating.`
			`	Now, though, they stand on the tarmac and take in great lungfuls of air, proclaiming it "the air of true freedom." You're somewhat more skeptical of how the locals will treat them, being an outsider, but...well, maybe they'll actually get along.`
			`	Kris practically skips back up the ramp to hand you a credit chip for <payment> before taking their transport and heading off to whatever is awaiting them out there on <planet>.`

mission "Take Me To The South C"

> 	name "Stranded In Paradise"

Author: Again, wouldn't this leave the display name also having the 1 on it?

	minor
	source
		attributes "paradise"
	destination
		attributes "rim" "south"
		not government "Pirate"
		not system "Alniyat" "Atria" "Lesath" "Han"

> 		not planet "Glaze" "Zug" "Bourne"

Author: No pirates because the Burnbecks are neither pirates nor particularly independent-minded.

The first "not" line comes, again, from the Pact Recon 0 mission's source line.

The planets there are ones that the Burnbecks mention in their grumbling as being out of touch, so it would be odd if they were also from there.

	passengers 4
	to offer
		has "event: war begins"
		not "chosen sides"
		random < 30
	on offer
		conversation
			`No sooner have you entered the spaceport than you are bowled over by a trio of adults, two women and a man, with a child trailing close behind them.`

> 			`	"Oh - sorry!" the older of the two women exclaims. She puts out a hand to help you up, then gets a better look at you as you take it, stand, and dust yourself off. "Wait; are you an independent captain?" she says after a moment.`

Author: Not ones that work for the Republic, or the Syndicate, or a larger merchant company.

> 			`	"Oh - sorry!" the older of the two women exclaims. She puts out a hand to help you up, then gets a better look at you as you take it, stand, and dust yourself off. "Wait; are you an independent captain?" she says after a moment.`

Reviewer 4: A snippet from Todd on the Discord server:

> If I have to guess, probably majority of the small merchants (like 70%+) and maybe few of the large merchants (20~30%?).
> Getting license and a ship is apparently not too difficult if some textile worker can save up for it + a loan in some years. 
> Maybe dependent on the region as well, more independent in the south, less in the Syndicate.

Which is to say that a captain that has the time and motivation to wander around a spaceport is almost certainly independent.

> 			`	"Oh - sorry!" the older of the two women exclaims. She puts out a hand to help you up, then gets a better look at you as you take it, stand, and dust yourself off. "Wait; are you an independent captain?" she says after a moment.`

Author: Hm. OK. I can't say I'm fully convinced, but I can certainly go along with it. I'll adjust the wording, here and in the similar Kris one.

		payment 5000 150
		set "took burnbecks home"
		conversation
			`The trip south with the Burnbecks is mostly quite pleasant, but it rapidly becomes clear that while they stop short of openly blaming them for the bombings on Geminus and Martini, they are very angry at the Free Worlds for seceding from the Republic. "We were perfectly happy belonging to the Republic," Darren says one evening in the mess. "I mean, seriously, did those people way down in, where is it, Zug? Bourne? Did they even think about the regular people and how this would affect them? Affect us?" He trails off muttering as he finishes his dinner.`
			`	While some of their complaints seem a bit selfish, it's hard to argue with the fact that this has disrupted a lot of lives. You are still considering this when you touch down on <destination> and see Darren, Leigh, and Erin joyfully run into the arms of their friends and family here. Shirley hangs back to hand you a credit chip for <payment> and thank you warmly (and at some length) for your help in getting home, before heading out to join her family in their reunion.`

mission "Take Me To The South C: Followup"
	minor
	source
		attributes "rim" "south"

> 		not government "Pirate"

Author: Really? Part of my intent was to show that they're doing well enough that they're on vacation again...

> 		not government "Pirate"

Reviewer 4: If that's the case, then you should make it more explicit in the mission text.

> 		not government "Pirate"

Author: Makes sense. I will add this.

	to offer
		has "took burnbecks home"
		has "FW Embassy 1B: done"
	on offer
		conversation

> 			`While walking through the spaceport, you are surprised to see Shirley and Darren Burnbeck, with their son Leigh trailing behind them. They greet you warmly, reassure you that Erin is just off to university on Zug, and invite you to have dinner with them at the spaceport cafe. There, they listen raptly to your stories of participating in the Free Worlds' campaign to remain independent from the Republic. When you talk about transporting the Earth ambassadors to Bourne, Darren shakes his head in something like admiration.`

Author: OK, I'll take a look there.

			`	"You know," he says, "I was never quite sure that the Free Worlds hadn't really been behind those awful bombings on Geminus and Martini, but now, it looks like I was wrong. In fact, I think I might have been wrong about a lot of things about the Free Worlds Council and Senate, back then. It's still true that this has brought enormous disruption to our lives, but from what I've seen of their actions since, they really do seem to have the best interests of the people here in the South at heart."`
			`	It feels somewhat vindicating to hear this from a regular citizen of the Free Worlds, who never had any stake in its success beyond what applied to his own life, and when you finish dinner and bid them goodbye, you're feeling a bit more spring in your step than usual.`
				decline

mission "Take Me To The South D"

> 	name "My Heart Lies In The South"

Author: Aww, you don't like "My Heart Lies In The South"? 😁

			`	"Tom & Carl Ardwright-Chamberlain"`
			`	You can easily see Tom's hand in the design of the photo set, which includes a photo of them on the tarmac at the Cornucopia spaceport with a note that that was the spot where they were reunited after the uncertainty of the war parted them.`
				decline

mission "Take Me To The South D: Followup 1A"
	landing
	source "Cornucopia"
	to offer
		has "Take Me To The South D: Followup 1: declined"
		not "event: carl elected governor"
	on offer
		"visited tom and carl" ++
		conversation
			`When you're making your approach for landing, doing your normal back and forth with the controller at the spaceport, you're surprised to hear them ask you to divert to a special pad. You do so, and when you land, you find Tom, the man you brought south from the Core, and his husband Carl, the Agricultural Minister of Cornucopia, waiting for you.`

> 			`	They greet you like an old friend (though you didn't speak two words to Carl when you were here), and insist on serving you dinner at their house. For a prominent government minister's house, it's remarkably modest. The meal, on the other hand, is anything but: it's probably the best food you've had, which shouldn't be a surprise from a planet that's almost entirely covered in farms. You swap stories for a while - you telling about your "thrilling adventures in space", as Tom describes them, and them telling about some of their much more ordinary, but no less interesting, times here on Cornucopia. They also hint about some big things coming, sharing a knowing look but saying no more.`

Author: Hm. Can you be more specific? I can see that in describing the house as "modest" without giving any indication as to why/how, but the describing a meal as being very good doesn't strike me as telling not showing, and to go into more detail about the stories being told seems...unnecessarily verbose for a vignette like this?

> 			`	They greet you like an old friend (though you didn't speak two words to Carl when you were here), and insist on serving you dinner at their house. For a prominent government minister's house, it's remarkably modest. The meal, on the other hand, is anything but: it's probably the best food you've had, which shouldn't be a surprise from a planet that's almost entirely covered in farms. You swap stories for a while - you telling about your "thrilling adventures in space", as Tom describes them, and them telling about some of their much more ordinary, but no less interesting, times here on Cornucopia. They also hint about some big things coming, sharing a knowing look but saying no more.`

Reviewer 4: A quick draft at rewriting this paragraph.
```suggestion
			`	They greet you like an old friend (despite never having talked with Carl before), and insist on serving you dinner. Rather than the grand mansions of other politicians, their house is a simple bungalow that wouldn't look out of place in a suburb. The meal, on the other hand, is anything but modest: there are plates of kebabs, pastas, stir fries, and cakes, made from ingredients sourced from all over the planet. You swap stories for a while - you with your "thrilling adventures in space", as Tom describes them, and them with their much more ordinary, but no less interesting, times here on Cornucopia. They also hint at some big things coming, but reveal nothing more than a knowing look.`
```

> 			`	They greet you like an old friend (though you didn't speak two words to Carl when you were here), and insist on serving you dinner at their house. For a prominent government minister's house, it's remarkably modest. The meal, on the other hand, is anything but: it's probably the best food you've had, which shouldn't be a surprise from a planet that's almost entirely covered in farms. You swap stories for a while - you telling about your "thrilling adventures in space", as Tom describes them, and them telling about some of their much more ordinary, but no less interesting, times here on Cornucopia. They also hint about some big things coming, sharing a knowing look but saying no more.`

Author: OK, that does help. Thanks; I'll incorporate this.

			`	After a while, you bid them farewell, and they promise once again that if you ever visit you'll be welcome.`
				decline

mission "Take Me To The South D: Followup 2"
	landing
	source

> 		near "Kappa Centauri" 1 100

Author: I don't mind the change here, but is there really no position of "planetary governor" separate from "senator representing the planet to the FW Parliament"?

	to offer
		has "event: carl elected governor"
	on offer
		conversation
			`You notice a news bulletin come across the feeds announcing a new governor's election on Cornucopia, one of the breadbasket planets of the Free Worlds. To your surprise, you recognize the man in the picture: it's Carl Ardwright-Chamberlain, the husband of the man you brought south to join him after the war started.`

> 			`	Knowing that, you are unsurprised when you read that while he did increase crop yields by 17% during his tenure as Agricultural Minister, the new governor's election owes much to the brilliant work of his campaign manager: his husband Tom. There's a bunch more about the bold plans for new initiatives on Cornucopia and the good the new governor is doing for the people there.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	While he did increase crop yields by 17% during his tenure as Agricultural Minister, the new governor's election owes much to the brilliant work of his campaign manager: his husband Tom. The bulletin goes on to list the bold plans for new initiatives on Cornucopia and the good the new senator is doing for the people there.`
				decline
```

> mission "Take Me To The South D: Followup 2A"

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
mission "Southern Fiance 5"
	minor
```

			`	The official mansion is much more impressive than Carl's house as Agricultural Minister was, and Tom gives you a tour while Carl has to field some official phone calls. You're already looking forward to the food well before you sit down to dinner, and you are not disappointed: if anything, it's better than the last time you visited them. Carl confides that he's planning on pushing to open a government-sponsored culinary school in the capital, but he'll be sad to see his cook go: he knows it's been the woman's dream for ages to teach others to make food as amazing as this, too.`
			`	After dinner, as before, you catch each other up on what you've been doing since your last visit, and once you've both shared most of what you can think of to tell, Tom and Carl once again hint that there's still something big in their plans, but will not elaborate.`
			
			label end
			`	After a while, you bid them farewell, and they promise once again that if you ever visit you'll be welcome.`
				decline
				

> mission "Take Me To The South D: Followup 3"

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
mission "Southern Fiance 6"
```

			choice
				`	(Go over to her, find out what this is about.)`
					goto interested
				`	(Ignore her, you don't have time for this.)`
			`	This seems too suspicious to you, and you don't have time to be getting involved in whatever is going on here. You turn away and keep walking.`
				decline
			label interested
			`	You make your way through the crowd to the edge of her personal space bubble. As soon as you do, she extends her hand. "I'm Torrey. Torrey Dupont."`
			`	You take the hand and shake it, somewhat bemused. "<first> <last>. I'm a -"`
			`	"An independent captain, yes. I could tell. I would like to hire you to transport a package." Torrey indicates the box beside her with a nudge of her toe.`
			choice
				`	"What's in the box?"`
				`	"Wouldn't it be easier and cheaper to send it via the commercial courier services?"`
					goto commercial

> 			`	"What's in the box?"`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
You won't need this line.

Author: Gotcha. Forgot which way this would go.

			`	She glances down at it. "It's nothing too special - some local stuff from around here. Mostly foods and things that you just can't get made the same anywhere else."`

> 			label commercial
> 			`	"Wouldn't it be easier and cheaper to send it via the commercial courier services?"`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	"Wouldn't it be easier and cheaper to send it via the commercial courier services?"`
			label commercial
```
Swap these two around so that you won't repeat yourself if you select the `commercial` label.

			`	Kris skips back up the ramp to hand you a credit chip for <payment> before taking their transport and heading off to whatever is awaiting them out there on <planet>.`

mission "Stranded In Paradise 1"
	minor
	name "Stranded In Paradise"
	description "The Burnbeck family was stranded by the bombings, and needs transport back home to <destination>."
	source
		attributes "paradise"
	destination
		attributes "rim" "south"
		not government "Pirate"
		not system "Alniyat" "Atria" "Lesath" "Han"
		not planet "Glaze" "Zug" "Bourne"
	passengers 4
	to offer
		has "event: war begins"
		not "chosen sides"
		random < 30
	on offer
		conversation
			`No sooner have you entered the spaceport than you are bowled over by a trio of adults, two women and a man, with a child trailing close behind them.`
			`	"Oh - sorry!" the older of the two women exclaims. She puts out a hand to help you up, then gets a better look at you as you take it, stand, and dust yourself off. "Wait; are you a ship captain?" she says after a moment.`
			`	"<first> <last>, captain of the <ship>," you reply. "Why?"`

> 			`	"Oh! You may be the answer to our prayers, dearie!" She and the others have now gotten themselves a bit more organized, and you can tell that they must be a family; the other woman looks to be their young adult daughter, and the child is actually their slightly-built teenage son. Confirming this, the woman says, "We're the Burnbecks; I'm Shirley, this is my husband Darren, and these are our dau - our kids, Leigh and Erin." She indicates them each in turn, with the daughter last. "We were on vacation here on <origin> when news of the war and those awful bombings came out. Well, I don't need to tell you, it's caused us some trouble! Or, well, maybe I do, since I didn't say where we're from: <destination>, down in what they're now calling the Free Worlds!"`

Author: Reasonable. Thanks.

			`	After a while, you bid them farewell, and they promise once again that if you ever visit you'll be welcome.`
				decline

mission "Southern Fiance 4"
	minor
	source
		government "Free Worlds"
	to offer
		has "event: carl elected governor"
	on offer
		conversation
			`In the spaceport, you notice a news bulletin announcing the election of a new governor on Cornucopia. To your surprise, you recognize the man in the picture: it's Carl Ardwright-Chamberlain.`
			`	While he did increase crop yields by 17% during his tenure as Agricultural Minister, the new governor's election owes much to the brilliant work of his campaign manager: his husband Tom. The bulletin goes on to list the bold plans for new initiatives on Cornucopia and the good the new senator is doing for the people there.`
				decline

mission "Southern Fiance 5"
	minor
	landing
	source "Cornucopia"
	to offer
		has "event: carl elected governor"
		not "event: tom and carl's child"
	on offer
		"visited tom and carl" ++
		conversation
			branch already
				has "visited tom and carl"

> 			`When you're making your approach for landing, doing your normal back and forth with the controller at the spaceport, you're surprised to hear them ask you to divert to a special pad. You do so, and when you land, you find Tom, the man you brought south from the Core, and his husband Carl, the new Governor of Cornucopia, waiting for you.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`As you approach for a landing, you are surprised when the spaceport controller diverts you to a special pad. When you land, you find Tom, the man you brought south from the Core, and his husband Carl, the new Governor of Cornucopia, waiting for you.`
```

> 			`	They greet you like an old friend (though you didn't speak two words to Carl when you were here), and insist on serving you dinner at their house. The Cornucopia governor's mansion is an impressive sight, and Tom takes you on a tour while Carl fields some important phone calls. When you sit down to dinner, you're blown away: it's probably the best food you've had, which shouldn't be a surprise from a planet that's almost entirely covered in farms. You swap stories for a while - you telling about your "thrilling adventures in space", as Tom describes them, and them telling both about some of their ordinary times here on Cornucopia, and about some of the challenges and highlights of the campaign for Governor. They also hint about something big still to come, sharing a knowing look but saying no more.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	They greet you like an old friend (despite never having talked with Carl before), and insist on serving you dinner. The Cornucopia governor's mansion is certainly befitting of the title, and Tom takes you on a tour through the premises while Carl fields some important phone calls. The meal is similarly grand: there are plates of kebabs, pastas, stir fries, and cakes, made from ingredients sourced from all over the planet. You swap stories for a while - you with your "thrilling adventures in space", as Tom describes them, and them with their much more ordinary, but no less interesting, times here on Cornucopia, including some of the challenges and highlights of their campaign. They also hint at something big coming, but reveal nothing more than a knowing look.`
```

				goto end
			
			label already

> 			`During your approach, you're not surprised, this time, to see that you've been diverted to the Governor's own landing pad. Tom and Carl are waiting for you once more, and they greet you warmly. They take you in an official government vehicle to the governor's mansion, with a trying-to-be-subtle security detail always following just on the periphery.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`Like last time, the spaceport controller diverts you to the Governor's personal landing pad. Tom and Carl are waiting for you once more, and they greet you warmly. They take you in an official government vehicle to the governor's mansion, with a trying-to-be-subtle security detail always following just on the periphery.`
```

			`	The official mansion is much more impressive than Carl's house as Agricultural Minister was, and Tom gives you a tour while Carl has to field some official phone calls. You're already looking forward to the food well before you sit down to dinner, and you are not disappointed: if anything, it's better than the last time you visited them. Carl confides that he's planning on pushing to open a government-sponsored culinary school in the capital, but he'll be sad to see his cook go: he knows it's been the woman's dream for ages to teach others to make food as amazing as this, too.`

> 			`	After dinner, as before, you catch each other up on what you've been doing since your last visit, and once you've both shared most of what you can think of to tell, Tom and Carl once again hint that there's still something big in their plans, but will not elaborate.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	After dinner, as before, you catch each other up on what you've been doing since your last visit, and once you've both shared most of what you can think of to tell, Tom and Carl once again hint that there's still something big in their plans.`
```

			
			label end
			`	After a while, you bid them farewell, and they promise once again that if you ever visit you'll be welcome.`
				decline
				
mission "Southern Fiance 6"
	landing
	source "Cornucopia"
	to offer
		has "event: tom and carl's child"
	on offer
		conversation
			branch already
				has "visited tom and carl"

> 			`When you're making your approach for landing, doing your normal back and forth with the controller at the spaceport, you're surprised to hear them ask you to divert to a special pad. You do so, and when you land, you find Tom, the man you brought south from the Core, and his husband Carl, the Governor of Cornucopia, waiting for you.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`As you approach for a landing, you are surprised when the spaceport controller diverts you to a special pad. When you land, you find Tom, the man you brought south from the Core, and his husband Carl, the new Governor of Cornucopia, waiting for you.`
```

> 			`	They greet you like an old friend (though you didn't speak two words to Carl when you were here), and insist on serving you dinner at their house. The Cornucopia governor's mansion is an impressive sight, and Tom takes you on a tour while Carl fields some important phone calls. Partway through the tour, Tom gets a mischievous grin, and when he opens the next door, a very small child races out and cannons into his legs, gripping them tightly with a glad cry of "Daddy!" Tom proudly introduces Nita, his and Carl's three-year-old daughter, who giggles and tries to run off with your communicator.`
> 			`	When you sit down to dinner with the three of them, you're blown away: it's probably the best food you've had, which shouldn't be a surprise from a planet that's almost entirely covered in farms. Afterward, you swap stories for a while - you telling about your "thrilling adventures in space", as Tom describes them, and them telling, in between bouts of corralling their exuberant daughter, both about the challenges and highlights of the campaign for Governor, and about the joys and fears of fatherhood.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	They greet you like an old friend (despite never having talked with Carl before), and insist on serving you dinner. The Cornucopia governor's mansion is certainly befitting of the title, and Tom takes you on a tour through the premises while Carl fields some important phone calls. Partway through the tour, Tom gets a mischievous grin, and when he opens the next door, a small child races out and cannons into his legs, gripping them tightly with a glad cry of "Daddy!" Tom proudly introduces Nita, his and Carl's three-year-old daughter, who giggles and tries to run off with your communicator.`
			`	When you sit down to dinner with the three of them, you're blown away: there are plates of kebabs, pastas, stir fries, and cakes, made from ingredients sourced from all over the planet. You swap stories for a while - you with your "thrilling adventures in space", as Tom describes them, and them with their much more ordinary, but no less interesting, times here on Cornucopia, including some of the challenges and highlights of their campaign and the joys and fears of fatherhood.`
```

				goto end
			
			label already

> 			`During your approach, it's no surprise to see that you've been diverted to the Governor's own landing pad. Tom and Carl are waiting for you once more, and they greet you warmly. They take you in an official government vehicle to the governor's mansion, with a trying-to-be-subtle security detail always following just on the periphery.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`Like last time, the spaceport controller diverts you to the Governor's personal landing pad. Tom and Carl are waiting for you once more, and they greet you warmly. They take you in an official government vehicle to the governor's mansion, with a trying-to-be-subtle security detail always following just on the periphery.`
```

			`	She is lying on a stretcher placed on what appears to be a folding cafeteria table, with an IV in one arm and a makeshift bandage over the other shoulder, already soaked through with blood. The lower half of her body is covered by a bloody sheet... and by the shape the sheet makes, you can tell immediately that there's something very wrong. Her eyelids flicker for a moment, then she opens her eyes and focuses on you. "Hey... I know you. You brought me that package from Tor... thanks. Meant a lot." She attempts to raise her head, then thinks better of it, though her eyes still flick downward. "Might be... the last of home I get to see." Her eyes close again, and a pair of nurses comes over and shoos you out of the way so they can start moving Irene. As they carry her off, careful to keep her IV bag held high, you hear her start coughing, and they head to what appears to be the largest of the ships nearby.`
				decline

mission "Care Package to South 3a"
	landing
	invisible
	to offer

> 		has "Care Package to South 3a: offered"

Reviewer 5: This seems to be a circular dependency.  Probably it should be 2a here.
